Hi, guys, welcome.
That is lecture hot.
So packages are going to be needed at our hub.
Now head up to pump dirt dev.
Now the first package I'm going to be using is to get this right.
So over here in the search for get.
Okay.
They click on this over this first order.
We're now going to copy the code over here.
They're going to head up to our VSA code.
Then the prospect will say, okay, now we're going to pass this onto the dependencies.
So over here, the same line with the flutter of the Lopezes.
Okay.
We're not going to lose control.
That's the save for now.
So we're going to go back.
The other package are going to be needed.
Is the cloud faster?
So search for cloud first.
Click on this first one over there.
Then they're going to copy the code as well.
Has got to go to the court.
They were going to do this after this.
Cupertino icons.
So is this okay?
Great.
Now I'm going to go to this.
Okay.
The package is a firebase call, so I'm going to click on this over here.
Is going to wait for my network.
I'm also going to go to this.
The search for fab is art.
Click on this.
Okay.
So that was a copy.
This is cool.
Paste.
This was a.
Okay.
What's going to be needed for this art.
Is this over a.
Okay.
Now as close to our human rights.
So, again, we needed to.
Uh, I think a package card.
It's going to head up to the pub that they're okay.
The cloud.
Sorry.
I think fire up is.
Sturridge Yeah.
Great.
So click on this.
Okay.
Copy this.
Over.
Okay.
Priest as well.
Now, also, we're going to be able to pick image either from our gallery or camera so as well.
I'm going to go back to the probe that they've put this link over there.
They're able to search for image recall.
Okay, great.
So I'm going to copy this as well.
Go back to.
Okay.
Now, if we need to hide it later.
So we had the the cloud fast to the fab is called.
The fab is out.
The Firebase Storage, the image picker.
Now, you're going to see what all this does later.
Okay.
Now we're going to use control on this to save that, to get all the packages.
Now, after you finish getting the packages, it is very needful for you to close your vehicle.
Then we.
It's okay enough for it to grab that recent change.
Okay.
So after my finishes, I'm going to close it.
There is status, so make sure you do.
Same for us.
Okay, guys.
Seen in this lecture.